welcome to movie summary today i'm going
to explain mission impossible rogue
nation
imf agent ethan hunt is determined to
prove the existence of the syndicate
a consortium of rogue field operatives
for various different intelligence
agencies turned mercenaries the cia does
not believe exists
hunt is captured by the syndicate at a
record shop in london
as cia director alan hundley
successfully convinces a senate
committee to disband and absorb the imf
currently without a secretary in charge
into the cia for its destructive methods
and
other misconduct hunt escapes a torture
chamber led by syndicate member yannick
bone dr vinter with the help of
disavowed mi6 agent and now syndicate
operative elsa faust
cut off from the imf hunt follows his
only lead
a blonde man in glasses later identified
as former mi6 agent solomon lane
six months later hunt is still a
fugitive living in paris
luring a cia team to a decoy safe house
in havana
and lane is not found at the vienna
state opera the syndicate kills the
austrian chancellor despite efforts to
prevent it from hunt's former colleague
benji dunn
faust willingly drops hints of lane's
plan to hunt before leaving
dunn learns the syndicate is working
against the old world order by
committing several terrorist attacks
but stays with hunt instead of reporting
to the cia
hunt blamed for the chancellor's death
is pursued by the cia's special
activities division
william brandt contacts luther stickel
to find hunt before the cia does stickle
tracks hunt
dunn and faust to casablanca where the
trio break into and acquire a secret
syndicate file from a secure building
faust flees with the data and goes to
london to use it but it is discreetly
wiped by mi6 handler atlee
meanwhile hunt learns that the data is
an encrypted british government red box
that requires the prime minister's
biometrics to unlock it
they reached london to confront faust
where lane's men abduct done
and used on and faust to blackmail hunt
into decrypting and delivering the data
to them despite brent's protests hunt
agrees to do so
as part of hunt's plan brant reveals
their location to hunley
hundley brandt and adley meet the pm in
oxford
who confirms that the syndicate was a
project proposed by ali to perform
missions without oversight which the pm
rejected
adley then reveals himself as hunt in a
mask and secures the pm's biometrics
allowing stickel to decrypt the file
when the real athlete arrives
hunt forces him to admit that he began
the syndicate without permission and
that he has been covering up its
existence after lane hijacked the
project and went rogue
turning the syndicate against him and
mi6 upon discovering the file contains
access to 2.4 billion pounds in various
bank accounts
serving as the syndicates would-be
operating budget hunt destroys the data
at his meeting with lane outside the
tower of london hunt tells lane he has
memorized the data and offers himself in
exchange for down and faust
dunn escapes after the bomb on him is
disarmed while hunt and foust are chased
through the tower of london complex by
lane's men
faust kills vinder in a knife fight
while lane is gassed unconscious in a
glass cell and taken into custody
having witnessed an imf operation's
success first hand
holly later returns with brandt to the
senate committee and covers for hunt and
his team
convincing the committee to restore the
imf after the meeting
bran congratulates hundley who is now
the new imf secretary
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe other movie details
and facts
paramount pictures announced in august
2013 that christopher macquarie would
direct the fifth mission impossible film
from a script by drew pierce with tom
cruise reprising his role as ethan hunt
dc productions and bad robot would
produce and skydance productions
who served as co-foundancers and
executive producers of the latest
installment
will work closely with the team in the
development and production process
principal photography began in august
2014.
on august 21 the production released its
first photos from the set in vienna
austria in august actors cruz and pegg
along with director christopher
macquarie were in vienna
at the metro and on the rooftop of
vienna state opera. after finishing one
and a half weeks of filming in austria
on august 30 crews arrived in the
moroccan capital city of rabat for
filming more scenes.here the marrakesh
highway was closed for 14 days
august 30 to september 12th other
filming locations in morocco include
agadir
rabat and casablanca 24 25
26 on september 8th and 9th filming took
place in the marrakesh stadium
which was closed both days for filming
purposes and casbah of the udayas
in rabot after more than a month of
shooting in austria and morocco
filming moved to london on september
28th citation needed
filming of an action scene featuring
ethan hunt climbing and hanging on the
outside of a flying airbus a400m atlas
took place at raf wittering near
stamford
tom cruise performed the sequence at
times suspended on the aircraft over
5000 ft
1 500 meters in the air without the use
of a stunt double dot to pull off this
particular stun
the production team were given a limited
period of only 48 hours
the plane took off and landed eight
times before they had the perfect
shot.on november 9th
filming began on southampton water and
fully power station
tom cruise trained under diving
specialist kirk crack to be able to hold
his breath for three minutes to perform
an underwater sequence which was filmed
in a single long take without any edits
though the scene in the movie was cut
with several breaks giving the
impression for the scene having several
takes
however stunt coordinator wade eastwood
claims that cruz held his breath for
just over six minutes
some footage also took place at
leavesden studios with the crew spending
a month filming footage in leavestone's
underwater tank
the tank was approximately 40 feet in
length and circular tracks were
constructed around its drive bays in
order to attack the camera and dolly
other footage shot at leavesden included
additional insert shots
shots of crews running through grass
which were filmed using a technocrane
and several crowd shots on february 20th
the hollywood reporter said filming was
halted to give macquarie
cruz and an unknown third person time to
rework the film's ending.filming ended
on march 12 2015.
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel thank you for watching